Full day at the Bitcoin Conference.

- Up at 6:15 AM
- Took shower
- downstairs at 7:00 for breakfast at Pyramid Cafe 
- ordered breakfast burrito very very delicious and filling (lasted all day)
- had two cups of coffee w/ the burrito (included)
(total cost was about $33) -- ugh expensive but it was worth it.

(last night botteld water -- ONLY $6.00 or so !

-- Took an uber over to Venetian ($20.00 even paid cash drive was a guy from Iraa (came here w/ his family as a teenager named "Sam"

- i statyed at the conference until about 5:30.  

what I noticed many of the speakers were late (sometimes by 15 or 1/2 hour), I felt like it was better managed last year.

- Also the T-shirts I saw for this years conference seemed kind of "boring" (compared to last year)

(but I will probably get one anyway)

I met Jimmy Song and he is looking for sponsors and open source devs for another open source bitcoin node (based on Bitcoin Core + Bitcoin knots.  Gave him my github handle. 

Also met the founder of Zeus Wallet (in the open source area), who expressed some interest in Continuum (and Building Continuum)

Benjamin said he would be here today and tomorrow send me a brief email in the morning but we never connected (I gave him my phone number -- no test or call)

I also met Efrat Fenigston briefly but she had to rush off to another speaking engagement (and she had no idea who I was) -- didn't connect me to "Akamaister" .. Oh well.

Also saw Derek Ross but he was busy speaking and he walked off the stage right after speaking so we didn't get a change to talk.

The event so far has had a lot of engergy but it's different than last year's. 

I grabbed dinner (Panda Express) at the food court at the venetian then took an uber back to the Luxor (got back about 6:30, then a shower.

Called Kiyomi around 8:30.

Whiskers peed on the sofa today and she also tried to get into Costco, but they refused to let her in (because she had my costco card w/ my name).