I'm 61 today.  I can't believe it.

Last year around this time "Continuum" was still a concept.  I had registered mycontinuum.xyz EXACTLY on my birthday (May 24, 2025), and shortly after I came back from Bitcoin 2025 I started working on it.

What a year:

- Building towards 900 articles 
- Dad passing Sept 29, 2025
- Numerous financial stresses, struggling to keep paying bills and mortgages
- Published my first book (Building Continuum - Local Authority in a Networked World)
- 100s of articles on Bitcoin Chronicles, where it started as a 6 part (short) set of articles / series

This afternoon Kiyomi made koroke but she got really upset because I didn't "find" my water (it was behind my laptop) and go so upset she said "don't eat this food" and "I will throw out the coke"

She kept going on about how I give up "too easily" and other such things

But she calmed down later and we had a pleasant late lunch /early dinner (it was about 3:30 PM)

We had cake (chocolate mouse later in the evening) it was quite good of course and quite filling

Whiskers collapsed again she she took him out out tonight (about 8:40).   She thought he was about to die (but he did recovery)

(Last time he collapsed it was about 2 months ago)


Most of the morning (until about 3) I worked on improving the queue and archive service (in Continuum)

I have a lot of mixed feelings right now.  A lot of things still unresolved.  A lot of things I resent or am angry about, if I were honest.

It definitely feels more nuanced than my birthday a year ago.

All for now.