relaxing day for the most part.

Whiskers peed in the corner of the bed right corner near my feet -- while I was letting him drink
a couple of times between 5:45 and 6:30 AM.

I took him out to WEbster around 7:00 AM

Beaufiful day.

I joined Hope For all Fellowship late morning around 11:45 after I took Whiskers out for another walk (to the park briefly) from Mcalister -- met a 4 month pup along the way named Duke (owner was a very attractive lady -- black, reminded me a little of Jewel.

In the afternoon about 4:30 I went to Kaiser to refill my prescriptions (have been off for the last week or so).  It was actually pretty quick they were open until 6:00 PM.

then I walked over to Walgreens (on Fillmore) to get more doggy bags.

The pill form for Torsemide came yesterday.  We started with the pill form for torsemide tonight
1/4 pill) instead of the liquid (I cut up some of the tables into 1/4  -- hope it was accurate.

We gave him about 8:30 PM.

He was uncomfortble for a while but settled down about 20 minutes ago.

Finished packing (mostly in the afternoon) -- Kiyomi checked and redid it for me -- she has better fashion than I.

Right now (10:42 PM) she is making tomorrow's meals for the trip to Las Vegas.

Part of me still can't believes I'm going to Las Vegas for Bitcoin 2026

I pray it's a success on multiple fronts.

I got everything ready to go for tomorrow -- packed electronics charging checked -in w/ boarding pass for Frontier.  Scheduled my uber ride to the airport (11:00 AM)

paid the discover card and chase bills this weekend.

I showed Kiyomi how to give the medication for Whiskers.  I think she will do fine.

(she is more careful than I am).

I have so many mixed feelings about this trip -- it is important for me to go but I worry about Whiskers and everything else that's been happening.