Full day --

- Up around 6:30, took a shower, packed everything and went downstairs with my baggage (carry -on and backpack).  

- Had a quick breakfast at Starbucks (cafe mocha + mozarella pesto sandwich).  It was perfetc (not too much).  Yesterday's buritto was very good but probably too much for me.

- I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth, then left my carry on with the bell hop at Luxor and hailed an Uber to the convention.  Was there before 8:30 AM.

Stayed until about 5:00 PM and spent ost of the morning (until about 2:00 at the Open source area.

Brought 2 of the paperbacks (like yesterday) and sold them! -- 

One to a guy named Joshua -- my first conversation and he was very interested in the concept.  The other was Andrew (who gave a talk at noon (though it was later -- everything was running late at this conference

I saw Jimmy Song again and also Evan (and Zoe later in the morning).  Evan also gave a talk on Zeus (about 1:30) but he and his nephew had to take a flight.  It was really good talking w/ Evan and Jimmy Song again today.

Sent the ebook to 4 others - Jimmy, Evan, Zoe and another fellow named Anthonly (who came w/ bis brother -- Anthony shared his book "Bitcoin Economy" I'll get to it later.

I got some merchandise around 2:30 then went to grab lunch at Chiptolle (Chicken burrito) -- just perfect.

Saw the keynote by Jack Mallers and (wanted to see the closing talk by "Afroman" but my flight was at 7:50 (in hindsight I could have stayed!

Uber to get back to hotel to pick up my carry on and then on to airport -- last night I had gotten my boarding pass - brought both items with me but security said I couldn't bring the glass jar (for the caramel) in the carry on so I had to check that in (or give the caramel to someone)

I went back out to check in my backage, then I realized I was missing the passport card -- remember seeing it at security -- so frustrating -- had to fill out a form and pay $45 (to use my CA driver's license -- not Real ID) to go through. THEN I discovered the card at the same line I went through about 20 minutes earlier -- HUGE relief

Was at the gate about 6:45 got a white chocolate mocha.

We boarded plane by 7:50 PM BUT we had to wait another 1 1/2 hours before we could take off -- I watched another "predator" movie and we took off by 9:30 PM.  

Arrived SF at 10:30 but had to wait before we arrived at our gate because another plane was still there!

a group of 4 others sitting to my right and behind were going to Costa rica and they might have missed their connection.

Caught an uber home after getting my baggage at baggage cliam.  Was about midnight.

What a night!